README.md, before:

# Helix Core Search Indexer

This project demonstrates how to keep the Helix Core Search service up-to-date with the latest submitted changes.  It uses an example Helix Core Lua Extension and is inteneded to be customised to suit a specific Helix installation.


## Overview

The Lua Extension will need to be installed on the Helix Core Server and is invoked by commit events.
This document describes the necessary steps to customize and install the extension to run on any Helix Core Server.

Extensions are not currently supported on Helix Core on Windows. As an alternative to extensions, you can configure a trigger to index changes.

Here's an example- [Indexer trigger on windows](#indexer-trigger-on-windows)    

## Requirements

The extension requires a Helix Core Server version that supports extensions. This is 2019.2 or later for Linux systems.
You will also need the following correctly setup and working:

#### Helix Core Search service (p4search)
You'll need a 'p4search' service running and accessible from the Helix Core Server where this extension will be installed.

#### A Helix User for creating extension
Helix Server `super` access is required to create Server Side Extension.

#### Credentials to access p4search
You will need a valid `X-Auth-Token` defined in the 'p4search' configuration. 

## Deployment

(1) Ensure that the Helix Core Server has an extensions depot. If not, create one using

    p4 depot -t extension extensions
    
(2) Create a skeleton of a Helix Server Extension with name `helix-core-search-indexer`. You need to be in the parent directory of `helix-core-search-indexer`.

    git clone https://github.com/perforce/helix-core-search-indexer.git
    
    p4 extension --package helix-core-search-indexer
    
This will create an extension skeleton named `helix-core-search-indexer.p4-extension`.
  
(3) Install the Helix Server Extension.

    p4 extension -y --allow-unsigned --install helix-core-search-indexer.p4-extension

You can skip the `--allow-unsigned` option if your server allows unsigned extensions.
     	
(4) Configure the extension's global settings and specify the `X-Auth-Token` and `ExtP4USER` values.

    p4 extension --configure Perforce::helix-core-search-indexer
    	
Add the `X-Auth-Token` and `P4Search index url` in the `ExtConfig` at the end of `global-config.in` file (without altering spaces/tabs). 
    
        ExtConfig:
        	auth_token:	00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000
        	p4search_url: http://p4search.mydomain.com:1601/api/v1/index/change

Change the `ExtP4USER` to your extension user.

(5) Configure the extension's instance settings.

    p4 extension --configure Perforce::helix-core-search-indexer --name Perforce

(6) For more information on Helix Server Extensions, please refer to the [Helix Core Extensions Developer Guide](https://www.perforce.com/manuals/extensions/Content/Extensions/Home-extensions.html) 

## Useful commands

List the extensions on a Helix Core Server.

    p4 extension --list --type=extensions
        
List the extension's configurations.
    
    p4 extension --list --type=configs

Delete the extension's directory and extension from Helix Core Server.

    rm -f helix-core-search-indexer.p4-extension    
    p4 extension -y --delete Perforce::helix-core-search-indexer


## Indexer trigger on Windows

(1) Create a trigger script and save it in Helix Core. Make sure you change the Uri from `http://p4search.mydomain.com:1601` as per your configuration.

    $token = $args[0]
    $change = $args[1]
    $Header = @{
        "X-Auth-Token" = "$token"
    }
    $Parameters = @{
        Method      = "GET"
        Uri         = "http://p4search.mydomain.com:1601/api/v1/index/change/$change"
        Headers     = $Header
        ContentType = "application/json"
    }
    Invoke-RestMethod @Parameters
    

(2) Save this file as `helix-core-search-indexer.ps1`. Add this file to Helix Core preferably at //depot/triggers/....

(3) Edit the triggers table by running `p4 triggers` and add the following to the triggers table. Make sure you change the X-Auth-Token as per your configuration. 

    helix-core-search-indexer change-commit //...  "powershell.exe %//depot/triggers/helix-core-search-indexer.ps1% 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 %change%"


Done! Now, Helix Core Search Index end point will index every change that is submitted.

Commit message:

Replicated change 2208508
Updated README with latest steps and match Perforce README format.

README.md, after:

![Support](https://img.shields.io/badge/Support-None-red.svg)

# Helix Core Search Indexer

This project demonstrates how to keep the Helix Core Search service up-to-date with the latest submitted changes.  It uses an example Helix Core Lua Extension and is intended to be customised to suit a specific Helix installation.


## Overview

The Lua Extension will need to be installed on the Helix Core Server and is invoked by commit events.
This document describes the necessary steps to customize and install the extension to run on any Helix Core Server.

Extensions are not currently supported on Helix Core on Windows. As an alternative to extensions, you can configure a trigger to index changes on Windows.

Here's an example- [Indexer trigger on windows](#indexer-trigger-on-windows)    

## Requirements

The extension requires a Helix Core Server version that supports extensions. This is 2019.2 or later for Linux systems.
You will also need the following correctly setup and working:

#### Helix Core Search service (p4search)
You'll need a 'p4search' service running and accessible from the Helix Core Server where this extension will be installed.

#### A Helix User for creating extension
Helix Server `super` access is required to create Server Side Extension.

#### Credentials to access p4search
You will need a valid `X-Auth-Token` defined in the 'p4search' configuration. 

## Documentation

Please refer to [Helix Core Search Developer Guide](https://www.perforce.com/manuals/p4search/Content/P4Search/keep-index-up-to-date.html#Use_a_Perforce_Lua_extension) to use our officially signed extension.

## Support

This project is an example and provided as-is.  
Perforce offers no support for issues (either via GitHub nor via Perforce's standard support process).  All pull requests will be ignored.

## Build/Usage

(1) Ensure that the Helix Core Server has an extension depot. If not, create one using

    p4 depot -t extension extensions
    
(2) Create a skeleton of a Helix Server Extension with name `helix-core-search-indexer`. You need to be in the parent directory of `helix-core-search-indexer`.

    git clone https://github.com/perforce/helix-core-search-indexer.git
    
    p4 extension --package helix-core-search-indexer
    
This will create an extension skeleton named `helix-core-search-indexer.p4-extension`.
  
(3) Install the Helix Server Extension.

    p4 extension -y --allow-unsigned --install helix-core-search-indexer.p4-extension

You can skip the `--allow-unsigned` option if your server allows unsigned extensions.
     	
(4) Configure the extension's global settings and change the `ExtP4USER` to match your extension user (without altering spaces/tabs).

(5) Configure the extension's instance settings.

    p4 extension --configure Perforce::helix-core-search-indexer --name Perforce

(6) For more information on Helix Server Extensions, please refer to the [Helix Core Extensions Developer Guide](https://www.perforce.com/manuals/extensions/Content/Extensions/Home-extensions.html) 

Here are some useful commands to work with extensions.

(1) List the extensions on a Helix Core Server.

    p4 extension --list --type=extensions

(2) List the extension's configurations.
    
    p4 extension --list --type=configs

(3) Delete the extension's directory and extension from Helix Core Server.

    rm -f helix-core-search-indexer.p4-extension    
    p4 extension -y --delete Perforce::helix-core-search-indexer


#### Indexer trigger on Windows

(1) Create a trigger script and save it in Helix Core. Make sure you change the Uri from `http://p4search.mydomain.com:1601` as per your configuration.

    $token = $args[0]
    $change = $args[1]
    $Header = @{
        "X-Auth-Token" = "$token"
    }
    $Parameters = @{
        Method      = "GET"
        Uri         = "http://p4search.mydomain.com:1601/api/v1/index/change/$change"
        Headers     = $Header
        ContentType = "application/json"
    }
    Invoke-RestMethod @Parameters
    

(2) Save this file as `helix-core-search-indexer.ps1`. Add this file to Helix Core preferably at //depot/triggers/....

(3) Edit the triggers table by running `p4 triggers` and add the following to the triggers table. Make sure you change the X-Auth-Token as per your configuration. 

    helix-core-search-indexer change-commit //...  "powershell.exe %//depot/triggers/helix-core-search-indexer.ps1% 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 %change%"


Done! Now, Helix Core Search Index end point will index every change that is submitted.
